John Henry

John is an 18-year-old senior in high school at McCaskey in Lancaster,
Pennsylvania. He’s beginning to apply for colleges in the area, he’s not ready
to commit to a major quite yet but he’s pretty sure that he wants to be a
mechatronics engineer. John applied to Penn State University, University of
Delaware, Elizabethtown College, Kutztown, and some others. He is
attending an open house at Elizabethtown that is located on Thompson gym
and as John is walking around from table to table and sees a robot rolling
around. He goes over to the table and sees a robot moving around with a
camera attached. The camera feed is streaming live to Minecraft, John looks
into the camera and then looks over at Minecraft and he sees himself.
Minecraft can build what the camera is seeing, and the robot can be
controlled from Minecraft.

Patricia Henry

Patricia is the mother of a John and is accompanying him on his visit to
Elizabethtown Colleges open house. She is walking with him and notices that
when he sees the robot he lights up with excitement. Patracia watches her
son excitedly look into the camera and then over at the monitor where
Minecraft is running and then realizes he can also control the robot within
Minecraft. Being engaged in her son’s interest but not fully understanding,
she decides to also look into the camera and see herself built into Minecraft.
She then also takes control of the robot and moves it around.

EMCS Professor – Philip Martin

Philip is a full professor for the School of Engineering, Math, and Computer
Science. He is overseeing the construction of this project and will be
managing it once the original students are no longer at Etown. He is excited
to see the project completed and see it be used at open houses and student
tours. He is hoping that it will be a nice showcase to show touring students
what Etown students are capable of learning and applying.

Admission Faculty – Trenton Gardner

Trenton works in the admissions office and Elizabethtown College, he often
struggles with trying to show high school students what the school of
Engineering, Math, and Computer Science is all about. He was excited to
hear about this project that is in development because he feels that it will be
a project that can be deployed in admissions events to excite students.